Previously on Yellowjackets...
Oh. fuck.
- Can you get us out of here?
- I can.
We can finally go home.
Checkmate.
Oh. don't worry. I cloned her
phone before resetting it.
I'd be happy to
share its contents.
You just have to
ask me for them.
Now. the
blood work suggests
your cancer has
stopped metastasizing.
It could be
happening again.
The waiter was a sacrifice.
Your new prognosis.
that's the gift.
I-I wanted
you to be proud of me.
Why didn't we know about
this kid in the first place?
Gen and Melissa
got pretty close to Hannah.
Yeah. they're both dead.
- Van!
- Oh. my God!
This is an emergency.
She has metastatic cancer.
- She does?
- What?
Let's fucking do this!
- I'm staying.
- This is rescue.
- No.
- The rest of us. we're going.
You're not.
Bye. love.
- Love you. Mama.
- I love you more.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
Whoever the fuck you are. you
better get out here right now.
Shauna? What are you doing here?
What are you doing alive?
My wife ruined our dinner.
my business didn't.
Now. my wife's a
fucking crazy person.
I'm not her. Don't
give up on me. guys.
I think you came here because
you want your life to explode.
Fuck!
- Eat it.
- What the fuck?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Where's Taissa?
Hey.
You're awake.
Relax. Tai's still here.
Misty. too.
Shauna straight-up ditched you.
but... that figures. doesn't it?
What is this?
Is this a dream?
Am I dead?
Death... is around every corner.
All right. what do you want?
There's something
I need to ask you.
Something really important.
Do you remember... The Goonies?
Are you fucking serious?
Oh. my God. it's one of the
greatest quests of all time.
Mikey. he finds out that
he's about to lose his house.
but then him and his friends.
they find this old pirate map
and they go on an
adventure to find...
The treasure. yes. I know. I
have seen this fucking movie.
like. a hundred times
more than you. literally.
Why are you telling me this?
Because it is a
classic hero's journey.
"X" marks the spot.
Taissa's been
trying to show you.
Listen to her.
Yeah. she hasn't exactly
been herself lately.
I know.
Even more reason.
She needs this. too.
Hey. wh... whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa.
what is that?
It's just a little
something for the road.
Where am I going?
To
get the treasure.
Hey. How you feeling?
Like I've
been puking up blood.
What'd I miss?
Hey. Aw.
Tai...
Hey. It's gonna be okay.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
You remember that time...
we were down at the shore
and there was that old
guy there and he was...
absolutely housing that
box of saltwater taffy?
And his nurse said
that was. like.
the only thing he wanted
to do before he died.
As soon as we get home.
I am gonna get you
the best fucking taffy there is.
Anything you want.
We're not going home.
Baby. we can't stay here.
I know.
But I don't like taffy.
Come on. Tai.
Goonies never say die.
Go on. Just take a bite.
You're sick.
Do you know who's
really gonna be sick?
Your family.
when they find out
that Mommy's name
isn't actually
Kelly because. oops.
once upon a time she
killed and ate people.
How can you do this?
It should be obvious by now.
Eat it.
Melissa!
Open the fucking door!
♪ "No Return" by Craig
Wedren and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool. nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired. nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh. so cute. so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit. just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return. no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
You don't get to tell
everyone what to do. Shauna.
Yeah. well. I already did.
And they're gonna do it. so...
What is even
happening right now?
You're all gonna see this
is the right decision.
We've literally been in hell.
You have no fucking
right to keep us in it.
It's not me. It's what It wants.
No one is saying we have
to stay here forever.
But leaving right now
when there are so many
things left to clean up?
It's not the smart move either.
Well. it sounds like you
guys all have a lot to discuss.
so have fun braiding
each other's hair and...
partaking in some
light cannibalism.
I'm fucking out of here.
That's not happening.
You sure this is the
move you want to make?
Don't do anything
stupid. Shauna.
Tell him that.
You sure you even know how
to use that. little girl?
Don't worry. My
boyfriend taught me.
Shauna.
Shauna. we can put
them in the animal pen
until we decide what to do.
Fine.
Take their shoes.
Let's move.
Come on.
Hey. Hey.
Did you mean that?
About leaving eventually?
Those frog scientists
lost their shit
when they saw Coach.
Imagine what'll happen when the
rest of the world gets here.
Van. what's the point
of going back if it
means ruining our lives?
I understand that the mind...
forgets things to protect itself
or whatever. but
could you please
try and remember
what winter was like?
We survived.
We ate a fucking kid.
- We're prepared this time.
- We're not.
That game
will run out eventually.
And you and I both
know what comes next.
Good thing you've been
practicing with the cards.
Trust me. okay?
I'm going to see
us through this.
We just have to be smart.
How did the guy from the car
place get this to connect.
and I can't?
We're 20 minutes from
the daughter's house. about
40 minutes from
Colonial Williamsburg.
if anyone feels like churning
butter after we find Shauna.
And. uh. let's face it. we're
probably gonna need an alibi.
Mm. yeah. well. we don't
know what Shauna's done yet.
Oh. right.
I'm sure it's reasonable.
All the more reason
to get there ASAP.
But we can make a pit
stop if you need one. huh?
Nah. I'm good.
Oh. Jesus.
I can't believe
someone's actually
having a worse day than I am.
Wait. Wait!
- That looks like...
- Oh!
- Fuck!
- Stop the car!
Melissa?
- I think Misty's right.
- What?
Oh. shit.
Melissa! Melissa!
Go back!
- Go. go. go now!
- Uh...
- She's getting away.
- Okay.
I got her. I got her.
What is she doing?
No. you don't.
I got you now this time!
Hey.
I don't know how
you're still alive.
but you won't be much longer
if you don't cooperate.
"X" marks the spot.
So...
...how you been?
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck is going on?
You're dead.
What's going on is that
Shauna's gone off
the fucking deep end.
She broke into my
house. attacked me...
Did you send that tape?
Yes.
But there's a lot more to it.
More than you sending literal
evidence of murder?
How did you think
Shauna was gonna react?
Hello? Do you
know why I'm bleeding?
She made me eat my fucking arm!
Okay.
- We got to find her.
- Yeah.
Well... well. then
let me out because
- I am not going back.
- Nope.
Sit down.
Don't do this.
She's out of her mind.
Just shut up.
Or you really will be dead.
She's completely
out of control.
Shh...
They're
up to something.
Who?
The others.
Like what?
If I knew that. I would
have handled it already.
Okay. well.
we have the gun.
They'd be dumb to try
anything without it.
Well. everyone knows you guys
kick me out of the meetings
because you think I'm annoying.
But. I mean. what
if we... use that?
Like. get some intel from it?
- Okay. Double-0-Quigley.
- No. that's...
that's actually a good idea.
Do it.
- Shauna?
- Oh. God.
In here.
Yeah. okay. I-I might
have made things a-a
little bit worse.
Um...
Oh. thank God.
But. wait.
How did you find her?
- She ran out of gas.
- Oh.
I guess you should have
listened to your wife.
Okay. what are we going to use
to tie her up with?
Hang on.
Can we just take a minute here?
Why?
She admitted that
she sent the tape.
Which means she killed Lottie.
Not so fast. Martha Misdirect.
Let's not forget
that Shauna's DNA
was under Lottie's fingernails.
And she was in the city
- the day Lottie died.
- Wait. what?
Oh. yeah. I...
I literally have the receipt.
Well. that doesn't look good.
Shauna. what were
you doing there?
I was getting a cat.
Wow.
What a totally
satisfying answer.
Uh. care to elaborate?
Yeah. I...
went to the Humane Society
because I saw on their website
that they happened
to have this cat
that was exactly the same
as this other cat that
Jeff was trying to find.
Uh. for his karma.
So...
And you expect us
to believe this...
...tale of two cats?
- Oh. God.
- You know what?
I don't give a shit
what you believe.
You've made that
abundantly clear.
She's trying to
pin this on Melissa
to cover up the fact that she's
the one that killed Lottie.
Melissa sent the tape.
So she's the one
who left the phone.
And cut my brakes.
And locked me in the freezer.
Oh. for the love of
God. the freezer was me.
What?
The lock's been
broken for months.
I would have warned you.
but you've been such
an absolute asshole
that I thought a little
time in the freezer
would do you some good.
Okay. you guys feeling better?
Because we need to focus.
We are where we are.
So you're just gonna go
ahead and take her side?
Of course she is.
It's not about sides.
I just don't think
Shauna killed Lottie.
- Thank you.
- And right now
I think we need to figure out
what we're gonna do to mitigate
this situation.
No. No.
This is Shauna's mess.
You can find some other
maid to clean it up.
But don't think for a second
I won't get to the
bottom of all this.
Can I. uh. talk to you?
- Sure.
- I was just out in the woods.
and I-I don't know. I...
I felt this rush
through my body.
I've never felt that before
when I wasn't tripping. but I...
I think It...
was trying to talk to me.
- Hmm.
- Will you come with me?
See if I'm right?
Yeah. of course.
This is so insane.
Who the fuck do
they think they are?
We just have to wait.
Until when?
The next blizzard?
We've been waiting
here for over a year.
I cannot go through
another winter out here.
If we are here. I hope the
Wilderness chooses me first.
'Cause I don't think I
can handle that again.
Home was right there.
Cheeseburgers...
- We could steal the gun back.
- Mm.
Shauna hasn't let
it leave her sight.
But you don't think that
she'd actually use it. do you?
No way. She's too chickenshit.
Is she?
I think there's another way.
♪ You're so fucking pretty... ♪
Oh. hells yeah.
Hell yes!
Dad?
Honey. you are not gonna...
Is that weed?
♪ Do you want to get... ♪
Callie Sadecki. are
you rolling a joint?
I can't find my pipe.
Don't look so shocked. I
know that Mom steals my weed.
Why were you yelling?
Uh. the Joels just offered
me that furniture job.
That's great. Dad. Mm.
Really. Congrats.
♪ I think that I'm lazy ♪
Anything else?
♪ I think that I'm bad ♪
Yeah. those nugs are too big.
You'll never get an even smoke
unless you grind
those up some more.
You sure you're good here?
Yeah. Thanks. Dave.
I'll be sure to check out your
aquarium ornaments on Etsy.
I'm so glad you texted!
What do you think?
It's excessive!
I know. right?
Uh. part of me was afraid
you'd think it was excessive.
It's not mine. though.
Keith Morrison owed me a favor.
Hey. let's go!
We have dinner covered. Misty.
Well. we'll need
nourishment later.
So we're prepared.
Prepared for what?
You know.
We don't. actually.
Oh.
I just thought you guys
were a part of. uh...
the plan.
We saw you in that
meeting with Team Crazy.
Quit embarrassing yourself.
Fine.
If you guys don't want
to get out of here.
But if you change your
mind... come find me.
Wait. does she know something?
No.
- Happy now?
- Is it tight?
Yes.
So. what's next?
Her family's gonna
come home at some point.
and we still have a big
fucking problem to solve.
I am not the problem.
Shauna is the problem.
You both know it
as well as I do.
Not entirely inaccurate.
Come on.
- This is kind of like Adam.
- Except there's no body
- yet.
- Yeah.
- Mm.
- Who's Adam?
Why did you say that?
This
happened before?
And... there was a body?
You just dug her grave.
You know that. right?
All we're saying is.
this feels familiar.
So. Shauna acted like a lunatic
and killed this Adam.
made you guys clean it up.
So... she put you at risk and.
let me guess. she
was wrong then. too?
He...
Her family doesn't even
know her real name.
What kind of psychopath
brings home a dead woman's tape
and then marries her daughter?
Holy shit. You
married Hannah's kid?
Yes. Okay. but...
You know what? Actually...
I think it's time for you
to just shut the fuck up.
- You don't understand...
- N-Nope.
And you need to sit down.
So what do we do here?
I mean. there's not
exactly a ton of options.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
- I'll be right back.
- Where are you going?
Just going to the car.
Shauna.
Let me think.
Oh. God. yeah. maybe
you should have done that
before you turned
her arm into sashimi.
How about "B"?
Damn.
Sorry.
This game sucks.
Want me to turn on the TV?
Stop.
I would literally get shot again
just to watch The Real World.
Wait. where is it this season?
No clue.
Only because it's
mostly Nickelodeon on
at home these days.
I have a daughter.
She's ten.
Oh. shit.
Really?
I'm sorry. I... I
just really miss her.
Uh. don't be sorry. I...
I get it.
I know you do.
I know you all do.
You've been missing your
families for over a year.
Yeah.
But...
this is fucked.
They can't keep us as
prisoners forever. right?
I stopped trying to predict
what's going to happen
out here a long time ago.
All I know is. people
are willing to do
some messed-up stuff
just to see another day.
Honestly?
From a purely
scientific perspective.
this is the most fascinating
study of survival
I've ever witnessed.
Even more so than horny frogs.
Probably because teenage
girls are even hornier.
Am I
interrupting something?
Shauna. wait.
What's your deal?
What were you two
giggling about?
Nothing.
Stupid stuff. Why?
Don't you know how dumb
it is to get close to her?
She's just using you
to try to escape.
And what?
You think
she makes a joke
and I'm like. "You're
hilarious. here's your freedom"?
What'd she say to you?
Nothing... just...
She has a kid... back home.
And you believe that?
Why wouldn't I?
She just wants you
to feel bad for her.
She's manipulating you.
I don't think that she is.
And. yeah. I do
feel kind of bad.
She must really miss her.
Well. I'm glad you
have so much sympathy for her.
This isn't a
competition. Shauna.
I know. I just...
well. I didn't think you
were this fucking stupid.
Hey. Melissa!
- I'm not done talking to you!
- See how much I care?
You think you're important?
No one gave a shit
about you until me!
Why can't you just
be a nice person?
You're nothing.
Jesus.
You guys were right.
She's fucking nuts.
Wh-Wh-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Say that again?
Come on. Shauna.
Put the gun down.
I fucking dare you.
Oh. God.
Let's go. Go.
Travis. what's wrong?
Nothing.
Tell me. I can help.
Help me? No.
Lottie. you can't.
It's bullshit.
You're bullshit.
We have a chance at rescue.
Do you not get that?
We can go home. and
you're ruining it.
You're ruining
everything for all of us.
I can't. I can't
let you do this.
I can't. I can't.
- I'm sorry. Travis.
- I won't.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted you to
see that he's here.
That Javi's with us.
I just wanted you
to feel him. too.
Why are you taking me this far?
I could have peed
way back there.
Be quiet.
Down there.
What's happening? I...
What's going on now?
Don't. Please.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I just need your help.
With what?
You want to go home. right?
Yes.
Okay. I'm gonna
give you this knife.
Tonight. when
everyone's sleeping.
cut yourself and Kodi free.
We're gonna make a run for it.
Ah. no. no. no.
Don't bogart it. Callie.
Don't.
This is so fucking weird.
♪ Makes me wanna stay... ♪
Whoa. Easy. killer.
That stuff's top-shelf.
- Mm.
- I can handle it.
Hey. no. no. no.
- You know what we should do?
- What?
We should celebrate my new job.
Let's be ladies who lunch.
- You're not a lady.
- I'm totally a lady.
A sexy lady.
Look at... look at these legs.
- Look at that. Look at it.
- I'm looking.
I'm looking.
Ugh.
Let's go to the. um. let's
go to that new place.
On Main.
- Mm.
- Pigeon. Pigeon?
Squab.
- Squab? Ah.
- Squab.
The steaks are. like. 80 bucks.
Well. I don't know if
you heard the news.
but Daddy got himself
a fancy new job.
Mom would kill us if
we spent that much.
Yeah. She would.
♪ Take time with
a wounded hand ♪
♪ 'Cause it likes to heal ♪
♪ I like to steal ♪
♪ I'm half the man
I used to be... ♪
- Dad?
- Mm-hmm?
That stuff that you said
to the Joels about Mom...
...is that how you really feel?
No. that's...
...something I said to.
you know...
s-save my ass.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
♪ Half the man I used to be ♪
It's okay if you feel that way.
I do.
♪ Take time with a
wounded hand... ♪
Dad.
♪ I like to steal... ♪
Hey.
I'm sorry. Shit.
Don't be sorry.
♪ Well. I'm half the man... ♪
It's just. it's hard.
Oh. Callie. it is
hard being married.
And with your mom...
it's lonely.
God. it's lonely.
♪ Half the man I used to be ♪
♪ "Dear One" by Pisces ♪
♪ Dear one ♪
♪ Is there anything you need ♪
Fuck Shauna.
♪ Dear one ♪
Whatever's going on. I want in.
♪ Your dreams ♪
♪ Somewhere there waits ♪
♪ A golden day ♪
♪ An infallibility ♪
♪ Dear one ♪
♪ Tell me your dream ♪
Okay. I
think they're asleep.
You ready? Cut me loose.
I thought I heard something.
No. you're paranoid.
Toss me the knife.
Who's Erik Cheong?
What?
His name is on your rucksack.
I don't know. I got
it at a thrift store.
What's your deal?
We got to move.
Hannah. Hannah.
You got to focus.
I heard all that stuff
you said about your kid.
Now. do you want to
see her again or not?
All right. Let's go.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
I fucking knew it.
Who gave you the knife?
It was Kodi. He got the knife.
You lying fucking cunt!
Please.
I want to be a part of this.
♪ Someday. somebody's
gonna make you want to ♪
♪ Turn around and
say goodbye... ♪
Martini a la Misty.
Double chocolate. extra shaken.
Just how you like it.
Do you think we
could've been wrong
about Shauna killing Lottie?
What?
Her DNA is literally under
Lottie's fingernails.
I know. but I called
the Humane Society.
and...
I can't believe I'm
about to say this.
but her cat story
actually checks out.
Maybe the cat waited in
the car during the murder.
But isn't it shortsighted
to rely solely on DNA
when trying to get
the full picture?
Uh. I suppose in some cases.
- it-it could be...
- I'm missing something.
I can feel it.
♪ Or are you comfortable
with the pain... ♪
I know you've made
it clear that me...
editorializing on the
interpersonal dynamics
between you and your
teammates is unwelcome.
but I do feel
compelled to say...
uh. one Brother Shamus of the
World Wide Web to another...
that when it comes to
the Yellowjackets...
...uh. I feel your judgment
is a-a touch clouded.
♪ No. no. someday somebody's
gonna make you... ♪
You know. I think
you might be right.
Hey. Didn't you say you
cloned Lottie's phone?
♪ Can you hold on
for one more day? ♪
♪ Hold on for one more day... ♪
You know. I have to say.
I'm just so glad that we finally
get to work this case together.
♪ Hold on for one more day and ♪
♪ Break free from
the chains... ♪
What. no chocolate
shavings?
How could I forget?
Back in a flash.
♪ Break free. break
from the chains... ♪
Okay.
Oh. my God.
Luckily. I still
have those heirloom cacao bars
that I got...
Tai?
Hello?
Tai. Tai.
Taissa.
Fuck.
What happened here?
The fireplace.
I closed the flue.
Okay.
Turn to me.
Tai.
Here. Breathe.
Breathe. Breathe. breathe.
What the fuck?
Breathe. Breath. breathe.
Breathe. breathe.
Tai. breathe. breathe.
Please. come on. Breathe.
Hang up.
You're not what she needs.
You've never known what
the fuck she needs.
Breathe. breathe...
Yeah. You're okay.
Yeah.
It's me.
It's really you.
I love you so much.
I got to get Shauna. Here.
Don't go anywhere.
Okay? Promise.
- I'll get the oxygen.
- Mm-hmm.
Why aren't they here yet?
What's wrong?
Something happened.
What happened?
Hannah shoved a knife
through that guy's face.
I'm sorry. what?
Okay. he... Mel...
- He's dead?
- He came to my hut.
- So. we're not going?
- We were making...
No. Shauna knows.
We're not going anywhere.
- What do you mean. Shauna knows?
- She knows. Akilah.
I'm on your side. I...
Okay.
What are you doing?
I know how to get us home.
Oh. my God.
You have the
fucking transponder?
♪ "Exit Music " by Radiohead ♪
Wait.
That's not the only option. Van.
I don't know.
I promise you if you leave
me alone. it could end now.
I have cancer.
And there's a chance...
...that if I can
kill you right now...
...maybe I'll be
allowed to live.
Van. come on.
You don't really believe that.
All those sacrifices?
Those rewards?
♪ The drying... ♪
You know they weren't real.
I don't know that.
And I think there's
part of you that doesn't
quite know that. either.
But you're different. Van.
There's goodness in you.
There always has been.
Y-You don't know me anymore.
Okay.
♪ And get dressed... ♪
Yeah.
If the Wilderness is telling
you to put that knife
through my heart so you
survive your cancer.
then do it.
♪ Before all hell... ♪
I'll be your sacrifice.
Fuck. Fuck.
Why?
Why can't I...
♪ Breathe... ♪
...be that? Why?
You don't want to be.
♪ Don't lose... ♪
No. I don't.
♪ Breathe ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ I can't do this... ♪
But I do.
♪ And you can... ♪
Isn't
this what It wants?
♪ A spineless laugh... ♪
Oh...
♪ We hope your ♪
♪ Rules and ♪
♪ Wisdom... ♪
Where is she?
Where is she? Melissa?
Melissa?
♪ Now we are one ♪
♪ In everlasting ♪
Babe?
♪ Peace ♪
♪ We hope ♪
♪ That you choke ♪
Van?
♪ That you choke... ♪
Van. Van!
Van. no. please.
No. please.
I know.
It's hard to watch.
I die?
I'm dead?
No!
Why would you send me in there
if you knew I was
just gonna die?
It wasn't my call.
♪ In everlasting... ♪
This is just how our story goes.
You said I was
gonna be the hero.
- You are. You saved them.
- Okay.
You got the real love
of our life back.
♪ That you choke... ♪
You show me a better treasure.
Great.
And now I'm dead.
Surviving this was
never the reward.
What does that mean?
♪ That you choke ♪
If this isn't the ending.
then tell me what happens.
Where would be the fun in that?
♪ We hope ♪
♪ That you choke ♪
♪ "Glycerine" ♪
♪ If I treated you bad.
you'd bruise my face ♪
♪ Couldn't love you anymore ♪
♪ You've got a beautiful taste ♪
♪ Don't let the days go by ♪
♪ Oh. glycerine ♪
♪ Glycerine ♪
♪ Bad moon white again ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-